Create rule S7059 (#4223)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7059/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Constructors should not be asynchronous because they are meant to initialize an instance of a class synchronously. While you can technically run a promise in a constructor, the instance will be returned before the asynchronous operation completes, which can lead to potential issues if the rest of your code expects the object to be fully initialized. While returning the promise may seem the solution for this problem, it is not standard practice and can lead to unexpected behavior. Returning a promise (or, in general, any object from another class) from a constructor can be misleading and is considered a bad practice as this leads to unexpected results with inheritance and the `instanceof` operator.

> 

Reviewer: should use use `Code examples` section like we do with other rules?
```
=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example
```

Reviewer 2: as mentioned during standup, we ignore some titles to have a clearer presentation

[source,javascript]
----
class MyClass {
  constructor() {
    Promise.resolve().then(() => this.data = fetchData()); // Noncompliant, this.data will be undefined in the new instance
  }
}
----

== How to fix it

Create an asynchronous method that performs the necessary asynchronous operations after the object has been constructed

[source,javascript]
----
class MyClass {
  constructor() {
    this.data = null;
  }

  async initialize() {
    this.data = await fetchData();
  }
}

(async () => {
  const myObject = new MyClass();
  await myObject.initialize();
})();
----

> Otherwise, you can use a factory function that returns a promise resolving to an instance of the class after performing the asynchronous operations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Otherwise, you can use a static factory method that returns a promise resolving to an instance of the class after performing the asynchronous operations.
```

Reviewer 2: as decided during standunup, we keep this rule separate from S2693
